JFK ANALYSIS SUMMARY: 104-10332-10009
================================================================================

Document contains 53 pages with relevant information.

TOP RELEVANT PAGES:
- Page 1: Relevance 9/10
- Page 1: Relevance 8/10
- Page 1: Relevance 8/10
- Page 20: Relevance 8/10
- Page 8: Relevance 8/10

FINDINGS BY CATEGORY:

OSWALD ASSOCIATIONS:
----------------------------------------
Page 1 (Confidence: 9/10)
  KGB officers discussed Oswald's interactions and potential handling in Mexico City
  QUOTE: "Nosenko said Oswald 'doesn't present interest' to KGB and Nosenko checked out with his superior, Word came back not to bother with Oswald."

Page 13 (Confidence: 9/10)
  Speculation about Oswald's motivations for killing Kennedy
  QUOTE: "Mr. Posner: I think that Oswald killed the President, because this was to be almost his fulfillment, his moment in the sun."

Page 2 (Confidence: 8/10)
  Detailed account of Oswald's interactions with CIA, including meetings in Geneva and debriefings about his USSR stay
  QUOTE: "Nosenko's first four meetings with the CIA in Geneva in June 1962 produced an intelligence bonanza and the two CIA officers (George Kisevalter and Peter Bagley) who met with him believed he had conclusively proved his bona fides."

Page 20 (Confidence: 8/10)
  Discussion of Oswald's potential KGB connections and Soviet agent status
  QUOTE: "If we were shown that Oswald was in fact acting as a Soviet agent when he shot President Kennedy, the consequences to the United States of America and indeed, to the world, would be staggering."

Page 12 (Confidence: 8/10)
  Discussion of Oswald's potential intelligence connections
  QUOTE: "The KGB files, which had surveillance on Oswald for day in and day out for nearly two years in Russia, came to the conclusion that he was not a sleeper agent, that he had no American intelligence contact."

Page 13 (Confidence: 8/10)
  Discussion of Lee Harvey Oswald's shooting skills and background
  QUOTE: "Robert Oswalt: We've shot squirrels in the trees with .22's"

Page 1 (Confidence: 8/10)
  Oswald identified as a KGB officer who defected to the U.S. in 1964, living under an undisclosed name
  QUOTE: "George was the code name for Yuri Nosenko, a KGB officer who defected to the U.S. in 1964 and now lives under another name in an undisclosed part of the country."

Page 1 (Confidence: 7/10)
  Reference to Epstein's book 'Legend' suggesting connections between Nosenko, KGB, and Lee Harvey Oswald
  QUOTE: "hypotheses arising from Epstein's book Legend, in which the view is presented that Nosenko was a patched agent with the mission of concealing KGB ties with Lee Harvey Oswald"

Page 1 (Confidence: 7/10)
  Document discusses interview with former KGB officer Yuri Nosenko about Lee Harvey Oswald's time in Soviet Union
  QUOTE: "recently arranged for George Larder and Walter Pincus of the WASHINGTON POST to interview former KGB Officer Yuri Nosenko about Lee Harvey Oswald during the time Oswald lived in the Soviet Union"

Page 1 (Confidence: 7/10)
  KGB officers involved with Oswald in Mexico City
  QUOTE: "Oleg Nechiporenko, one of three KGB officers stationed in Mexico City who reportedly interrogated or dealt with Oswald on his visit to Embassy there."

Page 1 (Confidence: 7/10)
  Extensive Oswald files discussed, including interrogation and bona fides
  QUOTE: "I described the files again (about 4000+ pages that include transcripts of all his interrogations and numerous studies on his bona fides and treatment by the Agency)"

Page 1 (Confidence: 7/10)
  Document mentions Nosenko's information related to Lee Harvey Oswald
  QUOTE: "Of the total, approximately 1200 have been released to the public as open in full or with only minor redactions. Of the 1200 released pages, roughly 800 contain information directly relevant to Lee Harvey Oswald and the Kennedy assassination."

Page 3 (Confidence: 7/10)
  Documents related to Nosenko's interrogations and connections to Oswald's time in Minsk
  QUOTE: "documents pertaining principally to personalities in the Minsk area during Lee Harvey Oswald's residence there"

Page 4 (Confidence: 7/10)
  Documents related to Yuriy Ivanovich Nosenko, a Soviet defector with potential knowledge of Oswald
  QUOTE: "This folder contains a variety of documents... 14 reports of interrogation sessions with Peter Deryabin in July and August 1965"

Page 1 (Confidence: 7/10)
  Document discusses approximately 800 pages of material about Lee Harvey Oswald's life in Soviet Union and KGB relationship
  QUOTE: "Approximately 800 pages that deal with Nosenko's information about Lee Harvey Oswald's life in the Soviet Union and his relationship with the KGB"

Page 580 (Confidence: 7/10)
  Deposition discussing Nosenko, a KGB defector with information about Oswald's time in Soviet Union
  QUOTE: "Having heard from Nosenko and from an intelligence officer who believed him to be bona fide, the committee spoke to the CIA official who had overall responsibility for the interrogation of Nosenko during the years 1964-67, when Nosenko was kept in military confinement"

Page 532 (Confidence: 7/10)
  Discussion of Oswald's interactions with Soviet Intelligence Services
  QUOTE: "That he was not permitted to depart. I mean, when he first said it back in February or March, 'No; not exactly in the substance of it?'"

Page 532 (Confidence: 7/10)
  Discussion of Oswald's potential marine background and intelligence connections
  QUOTE: "he is the only person. The Soviet Union with Nordenscold negotiated to his knowledge, what happened to Oswald"

Page 534 (Confidence: 7/10)
  Discussion of Oswald's background and interrogation, suggesting potential intelligence connections
  QUOTE: "I never heard of it before April 1964, beginning to look into the background of Oswald"

Page 585 (Confidence: 7/10)
  Discussion of Oswald's interrogation and CIA connections
  QUOTE: "I (CIA employee) myself had a lot of background interrogation experience who might challenge who could be used to interrogate him?"

Page 6 (Confidence: 7/10)
  Document discusses book claims Oswald acted alone, not part of Mafia or KGB
  QUOTE: "author Gerald Posner, who says computer enhancements prove Lee Harvey Oswald acted alone, and was not a Mafia or KGB agent"

Page 10 (Confidence: 7/10)
  Discussion of computer animation placing Oswald at sixth-floor window of Texas School Book Depository
  QUOTE: "Notice that Oswald's sixth-floor window is right in the center of it."

Page 12 (Confidence: 7/10)
  Oswald's background in Soviet Union
  QUOTE: "After all, he spent Russian, defected to the Soviet Union in 1959, married a Russian, and lived in Minsk for two years."

Page 5 (Confidence: 7/10)
  Gerald Posner's book 'Case Closed' provides detailed examination of Oswald's life and movements
  QUOTE: "Half of 'Case Closed' is a meticulous examination of Oswaldʼs entire life, culminating in an almost day-by-day chronicle of his movements in the last two months before the assassination."

Page 2 (Confidence: 6/10)
  Indirect reference to Soviet defector information potentially related to intelligence activities
  QUOTE: "Other Soviet defectors have been interviewed by the HSCA staff, as well as knowledgeable CIA officers and retirees"

Page 1 (Confidence: 6/10)
  Multiple documents referencing 'Nosenko' (likely referring to Yuri Nosenko, a KGB defector who claimed knowledge about Oswald)
  QUOTE: "Re: NOSENKO"

Page 1 (Confidence: 6/10)
  Potential connection to Yuri Nosenko, a known KGB defector
  QUOTE: "DOCUMENTS YURI Ivanovich NOSENKO/OSWALD"

Page 1 (Confidence: 6/10)
  Document references Oswald-related files being organized and reviewed
  QUOTE: "CIC Oswald/Nosenko related soft files"

Page 1 (Confidence: 6/10)
  Document mentions records related to Lee Harvey Oswald
  QUOTE: "Of the 1200 released pages, roughly 800 contain information directly relevant to Lee Harvey Oswald and the assassination of President John F. Kennedy."

Page 1 (Confidence: 6/10)
  Potential connection to Lee Harvey Oswald assassination studies
  QUOTE: "file reviews, and bona fides studies on Yuriy Ivanovich Nosenko. These studies contain sensitive personal and operational material completely unrelated and irrelevant to Lee Harvey Oswald and the assassination of President Kennedy."

Page 1 (Confidence: 6/10)
  Reference to Oswald aided by International Rescue Committee (IRC) on return to US
  QUOTE: "the IRC aided Oswald on his return to the US"

Page 8 (Confidence: 6/10)
  Debate about Oswald's sole responsibility for assassination
  QUOTE: "That's too simple an explanation for a great many Americans, and for conspiracy theorists"

Page 11 (Confidence: 6/10)
  Oswald's denial of shooting anyone
  QUOTE: "LEE HARVEY OSWALD: I didn't shot anybody, no, sir."

Page 750 (Confidence: 5/10)
  Appears to be a scheduling document involving multiple government personnel
  QUOTE: "Addressed Brandeis Univ. Students (40) in AG office"

Page 1 (Confidence: 3/10)
  No direct mentions of Oswald
  QUOTE: "None"

Page 1 (Confidence: 3/10)
  Document mentions Lee Harvey Oswald in context of CIA sequestered collection
  QUOTE: "contain information directly relevant to Lee Harvey Oswald and the assassination of President John F. Kennedy"


ORGANIZED CRIME CONNECTIONS:
----------------------------------------
Page 11 (Confidence: 8/10)
  Discussion of Jack Ruby's potential organized crime links and motivations for killing Oswald
  QUOTE: "Isn't there some evidence, then, that he might have been acting on their behalf to wipe out Oswald?"

Page 3 (Confidence: 8/10)
  Discussion of Jack Ruby's murder of Oswald and potential conspiracy implications
  QUOTE: "Ruby's murder of Oswald does more to undermine this case in terms of getting the truth out than anything else"

Page 11 (Confidence: 7/10)
  Posner's analysis of Ruby's actions as independent and personal
  QUOTE: "He was not acting on behalf of organized crime. He was acting for his own motivation, this desire, as he thought, to be a hero in Dallas"

Page 5 (Confidence: 5/10)
  Reference to Jack Ruby and connections to Dallas
  QUOTE: "Jack Ruby attended [Smyth School on West 13th Street]"

Page 1 (Confidence: 2/10)
  No direct connections to organized crime found in this document
  QUOTE: ""


CIA FBI ACTIVITIES:
----------------------------------------
Page 1 (Confidence: 8/10)
  Internal CIA document discussing House Select Committee on Assassinations (HSCA) inquiry into Nosenko case
  QUOTE: "This request is part of an inquiry into hypotheses arising from Epstein's book Legend"

Page 2 (Confidence: 8/10)
  Document discusses Agency (CIA) studies about Nosenko, a Soviet defector
  QUOTE: "The two SE Division studies, concluding that Nosenko was a KGB agent, were superceded by the Office of Security study"

Page 1 (Confidence: 8/10)
  Ongoing review of JFK assassination files, with careful coordination between agencies
  QUOTE: "HRG is reviewing the files under the JFK Assassination Records Collection Act"

Page 1 (Confidence: 8/10)
  CIA document discussing a Soviet defector's intelligence about Oswald
  QUOTE: "Nosenko's case history to date. Nosenko's information on the assassination of President Kennedy made his bona fides of more importance than simply a means to determine his true identity or whether he was the prototype of a KGB disinformation plot against Western intelligence agencies."

Page 1 (Confidence: 8/10)
  CIA internal memo suggesting Nosenko might be a Soviet plant
  QUOTE: "Five page February 1964 memo from the Director of the Soviet Division (C/SR) David Murphy to the Deputy Director of Plans (DD/P) Richard Helms on plans to debrief Nosenko based on C/SR's belief that Nosenko is a Soviet plant."

Page 3 (Confidence: 8/10)
  Extensive CIA investigation and documentation of Yuriy Nosenko, a Soviet defector with potential knowledge of Oswald
  QUOTE: "The Case of Yuriy Ivanovich Nosenko (DC/SB) in 1967"

Page 1 (Confidence: 8/10)
  CIA's internal review process for Nosenko files
  QUOTE: "Much of the information consists of various attempts by the Agency in the 1960's to establish Nosenko's bona fides."

Page 1 (Confidence: 8/10)
  Memorandum from Center for Study of Intelligence reviewing counterintelligence materials on Yuriy Nosenko
  QUOTE: "Discussions with Center for the Study of Intelligence on the Release of Material Relating to Yuriy Nosenko"

Page 532 (Confidence: 8/10)
  Interrogation methods and information gathering about Oswald
  QUOTE: "The decision on what subjects to be interrogated was essentially a factor of the tactics of the debriefing."

Page 8 (Confidence: 8/10)
  Ongoing investigation and document analysis of assassination
  QUOTE: "Today, with hundreds of thousands of documents in the vaults of the CIA, the DI [2], and the FBI and the National Archives - which we can't see - the cover-up is continuing."

Page 4 (Confidence: 8/10)
  Posner's critique of potential FBI and CIA cover-up
  QUOTE: "There was a cover-up by the FBI and the CIA, but they weren't attempting to conceal their involvement in the murder of the president but rather their own inefficiency and bungling."

Page 3 (Confidence: 7/10)
  Discussions about sanitizing a report for the FBI, removing names of DCI employees
  QUOTE: "A version of the Report has been prepared for the FBI in which the names of employees below the DCI have been removed, as well as certain modifications in more dramatic rhetorical phrases."

Page 1 (Confidence: 7/10)
  Internal review and analysis of Nosenko case materials related to Oswald
  QUOTE: ""Conclusions & Comments in the Case of Yuri T. Nosenko" (Re: Sales Regards)"

Page 1 (Confidence: 7/10)
  Internal administrative note about document management for Oswald and Nosenko files
  QUOTE: "I advised Sue Amiano, SA/CIC, that most of the documents in the two folders are duplicates of documents in the JFK collection segmented by HSCA"

Page 1 (Confidence: 7/10)
  Reference to Bob Pringle, former Chief of AG/FIOB, serving as Officer in Residence at University of Kentucky
  QUOTE: "Wukitch said she told Combs CIC would have Bob Pringle, former Chief of AG/FIOB currently serving as Officer in Residence at the University of Kentucky, flow in to address the ARRB if this appears necessary."

Page 2 (Confidence: 7/10)
  CIA's extensive interrogation and confinement of Nosenko
  QUOTE: "Nosenko was kept in solitary confinement, subjected to physical and mental torture, and submitted to hostile interrogations from April 4, 1964 to October 27, 1967"

Page 1 (Confidence: 7/10)
  CIA interrogations of Soviet defector Nosenko in 1965, attempting to establish his credibility
  QUOTE: "During July and August 1965, Peter Deryabin, a Soviet defector, conducted a series of interrogations of Nosenko in conjunction with CIA efforts to establish Nosenko's bona fides."

Page 1 (Confidence: 7/10)
  CIA document discussing review of Yuriy Ivanovich Nosenko files related to JFK assassination
  QUOTE: "Information on Yuriy Ivanovich Nosenko contained in the CIA Sequestered Collection microfilm consists of approximately 3600 pages of interviews, transcripts, memos, and reports."

Page 1 (Confidence: 7/10)
  Meeting about CIA records release and JFK assassination documents
  QUOTE: "ARRB meeting 17 November - Results"

Page 750 (Confidence: 7/10)
  Document shows CIA personnel list and schedule for meetings on April 2-3, 1964, likely related to JFK assassination investigation
  QUOTE: "Lawrence Lewton, CIA; Richard Helms, CIA; David Murphy, CIA; J. Walter Yeagley, William Foley, Crim. Div."

Page 20 (Confidence: 7/10)
  Internal government meeting to discuss Nosenko's defection and Oswald's background
  QUOTE: "The meeting took place in Mr. Katzenbachs's office in the Justice Department. The purpose of the meeting was to define Mr. Nosenko's legal status in the United States and to anticipate what kind of legal problems might arise"

Page 24 (Confidence: 7/10)
  Detailed memo discussing CIA interactions with a detainee, potentially related to internal agency operations
  QUOTE: "He was designated by the Director to come here and present the story because he was supposed to be the most familiar with it since he had reviewed it for the CIA."

Page 1 (Confidence: 7/10)
  Nosenko had been under Soviet Intelligence Agency surveillance during Oswald's stay in the Soviet Union
  QUOTE: "Nosenko had agreed to speak for the first time exclusively about the Soviet Intelligence agency's surveillance of Lee Harvey Oswald during his stay in the Soviet Union from late 1959 until June 1962."

Page 1 (Confidence: 6/10)
  CIA Media Relations arranging interview and managing information about Oswald
  QUOTE: "To ensure that Nosenko's resettlement identity and location would remain unprotected, I made the arrangements for Nosenko to come to Washington for the interview."

Page 1 (Confidence: 6/10)
  Internal process for reviewing and releasing JFK assassination-related documents
  QUOTE: "The staff plans to present their proposal to the JFK Board at the 14 October meeting. The Board requires a description of all NARA records made available to public."

Page 1 (Confidence: 6/10)
  Internal CIA memorandum discussing JFK Board Meeting and potential document releases
  QUOTE: "17 November JFK Board Meeting- CIA issues (update)"

Page 532 (Confidence: 6/10)
  Interrogation details about Oswald's background and intelligence interests
  QUOTE: "Now, again, that does not constitute proof, doesn't constitute any breakthrough"

Page 534 (Confidence: 6/10)
  Dialogue suggests limited knowledge or deliberate obfuscation about Oswald's background
  QUOTE: "You didn't know that he didn't know anything about Oswald other than what he learned from Nosenko"

Page 585 (Confidence: 6/10)
  Testimony discussing Nosenko's interactions with CIA and lie detector tests
  QUOTE: "Between 1964 and 1967 when you lost control over the case, you were given lie detector tests"

Page 3 (Confidence: 6/10)
  Reference to Stone's film challenging Warren Commission narrative
  QUOTE: "Stone has said 'JFK' was a 'counter-myth' to the 'myth' of the Warren Commission"

Page 1 (Confidence: 5/10)
  Potential review of additional evidence related to Nosenko
  QUOTE: "If you or CIC have any comments on the proposal to change the release date (subject of Agency review and appeal) from 2017 to 2010, please provide them me by 23 October."

Page 11 (Confidence: 5/10)
  Critique of the Warren Commission's investigation
  QUOTE: "No question. As a matter of fact, I think the Warren Commission underplayed Jack Ruby's organized crime connections."

Page 1 (Confidence: 4/10)
  Memo discusses processing of CIA microfilm collection related to Oswald
  QUOTE: "The information on Yuriy Ivanovich Nosenko contained in the CIA Sequestered Collection microfilm consists of approximately 3600 pages"


AUTOPSY MEDICAL EVIDENCE:
----------------------------------------
Page 9 (Confidence: 8/10)
  Expert commentary on bullet behavior and Kennedy's physical response
  QUOTE: "The sudden backward motion of the President's head as the third and final bullet struck, blowing away part of his skull, has led many to believe that the shot came from the front"

Page 9 (Confidence: 7/10)
  Discussion of the trajectory and physical effects of the bullets on President Kennedy
  QUOTE: "The second bullet... hits both Kennedy and Connolly. After passing through Kennedy, you see it go through the Governor, as his suit lapel flaps forward."


WITNESS TESTIMONIES:
----------------------------------------
Page 8 (Confidence: 7/10)
  Dispute over number and direction of shots fired at President Kennedy
  QUOTE: "Doubters insist that the shot or shots that killed the President came from behind that fence on the grassy knoll, or from a railroad overpass just beyond."

Page 3 (Confidence: 7/10)
  Critique of the prosecution of Clay Shaw and jury proceedings
  QUOTE: "Garrison's prosecution of Clay Shaw has been thoroughly discredited. There was coercion of witnesses and changing of testimony"

Page 9 (Confidence: 6/10)
  Medical expert Dr. Pepper Jenkins provides insight into Kennedy's physical condition
  QUOTE: "He was so tightly wound into a brace that- the metal coming up his back, and he was tied to the metal or strapped to the metal with an Ace bandage."

Page 10 (Confidence: 6/10)
  Reference to public perception of shots fired
  QUOTE: "The American people were there, and they testified, and two-thirds of them said they know shots came from the wooden fence"

Page 6 (Confidence: 5/10)
  Transcript of 20/20 news show discussing JFK assassination book
  QUOTE: "30 years after the Kennedy assassination, will a powerful new book end the controversy once and for all"


FOREIGN GOVERNMENT REACTIONS:
----------------------------------------
Page 1 (Confidence: 8/10)
  Soviet KGB officers' internal discussions about Oswald
  QUOTE: "Rastrustin returned next day and said 'we got a problem. Oswald tried to kill self, etc. KGB were afraid of him'"

Page 1 (Confidence: 6/10)
  Background on KGB Lieutenant Colonel Yuriy Ivanovich Nosenko
  QUOTE: "KGB Lieutenant Colonel Yuriy Ivanovich Nosenko first secretly contacted the CIA in Geneva in June 1962. One and a half years later on February 4, 1964, he defected to the United States for what he said were ideological reasons."

Page 2 (Confidence: 6/10)
  KGB defector's claims about Soviet intelligence tactics
  QUOTE: "Anatoliy Golitsyn, a KGB defector, predicted that the KGB would dispatch false defectors to discredit him and confuse Western intelligence agencies"

Page 1 (Confidence: 6/10)
  Detailed interrogation transcripts about Soviet intelligence personnel and structures
  QUOTE: "Folders cover Nosenko's military career, Party membership, Komsomol personalities and procedures, KGB buildings, personalities and other Soviet intelligence people, roles, and titles."

Page 4 (Confidence: 6/10)
  Documents about KGB leadership and personalities in Minsk during Oswald's residence
  QUOTE: "Documents pertaining principally to personalities in the Minsk area during Lee Harvey Oswald's residence there"

Page 580 (Confidence: 6/10)
  Discusses Nosenko's defection and interrogation about Oswald
  QUOTE: "When Nosenko defected in 1964, when he came to the United States"

Page 532 (Confidence: 6/10)
  References to Soviet Intelligence Services
  QUOTE: "From the Soviet Russia Division"

Page 12 (Confidence: 6/10)
  KGB perspective on Oswald
  QUOTE: "The KGB did not want Oswald from day one. They realized Oswald had problems, psychological problems."

Page 532 (Confidence: 5/10)
  Mentions Soviet and GRU (Soviet military intelligence) perspectives
  QUOTE: "GRU would properly the out-of-the-picture individual as a marine that he would be"


INTERNAL GOVT COMMUNICATIONS:
----------------------------------------
Page 1 (Confidence: 8/10)
  Board decisions on document releases related to JFK assassination records
  QUOTE: "The Board accepted the ARRB staff's recommendation [concurred in by CIA] that only 'General Statement for Month' records for January 1960 and to January 1995 be processed as Assassination Records"

Page 1 (Confidence: 7/10)
  Secret internal communication between CIA/legal staff discussing release of Nosenko papers
  QUOTE: "Let me introduce myself. I am CI/Legal. C/CIC asked me to touch base with you concerning any possible ARRB release of privacy information Nosenko."

Page 1 (Confidence: 7/10)
  Memo about Nosenko records in JFK Collection, involving ARRB (Assassination Records Review Board) and CIA
  QUOTE: "The ARRB (JFK Board) staff has agreed to accept CIA's designation of 25 folders of the Nosenko material in the JFK sequestered collection 'not believed to be relevant' (NBR)."

Page 1 (Confidence: 7/10)
  Discusses potential release of Assassination Records Review Board (ARRB) documents
  QUOTE: "Please note that this decision affects only those documents designated 'NBR' by ARRB. The documents declared to be Assassination Records (AR) will be re-reviewed and released, either sanitized or in full, during the coming year."

Page 13 (Confidence: 7/10)
  Discussion of Oswald's alleged attempts to murder before Kennedy assassination
  QUOTE: "Sherry: Lee Harvey Oswald used the same rifle that killed the President only weeks earlier in a failed attempt to murder to retired Army general Edwin Walker."

Page 3 (Confidence: 6/10)
  Detailed internal deliberations about releasing a sanitized version of a report
  QUOTE: "The Report will remain classified. If the paper is made available, classified and sanitized, it should be on a highly restricted basis"

Page 1 (Confidence: 6/10)
  Discussions about document release and potential sensitive information
  QUOTE: "The Agency up until a couple years ago had not released some of the studies... DO has protected the information provided by Nosenko on other Soviet sources and leads"

Page 1 (Confidence: 6/10)
  Routine JFK Board meeting agenda memo discussing Nosenko material release
  QUOTE: "Date of release of Nosenko material; see memo on results of Oct. meeting."

Page 24 (Confidence: 6/10)
  Memorandum from General Counsel of CIA dated April 3, 1964
  QUOTE: "Memorandum for the record and the subject is the Nosenko case."


SURVEILLANCE RECORDS:
----------------------------------------
Page 10 (Confidence: 5/10)
  Discussion of Dictabelt recording from Dallas police
  QUOTE: "a static-filled Dictabelt recording of a Dallas police motorcycle radio with a stick in the position"

